[Docs] Add v1.7 updates to change log (#6260)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/change-log/index.md

```
{admonition} Note
{ref}`model-monitoring-overview` is TechPreview in v1.7.0.|
```
| ID    |Description                                                                 |
|-------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|ML-5460|The model monitoring now has a [per-endpoint view](../model-monitoring/index.html#model-and-model-monitoring-endpoints) that presents information data on the monitoring metrics.|
|ML-5851|Model monitoring supports Kafka or V3IO as streaming platforms, and TDEngine or V3IO as TSDB platforms. See [Selecting the streaming and TSDB platforms](../model-monitoring/index.html#selecting-the-streaming-and-tsdb-platforms).|

### Alerts
| ID    |Description                                                                 |
|-------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|ML-5287|You can now configure {ref}`alerts <alerts>` for model monitoring and other possible problem situations. TechPreview. |

### Projects
| ID    |Description                                                                 |
|-------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> |ML-2585|When deleting a project, you can also [delete a single artifact](../store/artifacts.html#deleting-artifacts).|

Reviewer: I think ML-2585 should be under the artifact section, not the project section
```suggestion
|ML-2585|When deleting a artifact, you can also [delete a single artifact content](../store/artifacts.html#deleting-artifacts).|
```

|ML-3874|Node selector can now be [defined in the project spec](../runtimes/configuring-job-resources.html#node-selection).|

### Runtimes
| ID    |Description                                                                 |
|-------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|ML-2652|Supports [creating an API gateway using the MLRun SDK](../concepts/nuclio-real-time-functions.html#api-gateway).|

> |ML-4601|New {ref}`application runtime <application>` where you can run provide an image (for example a web-app) that runs as a deployment. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|ML-4601|New {ref}`Application runtime <application>` where you can provide an image (a web-app, for example) that runs as a kubernetes deployment. |
```

|ML-5079|You can now update git remote with `project.create_remote()`.| 
|ML-5204|UI: The Project settings now provide validation rules on labels.|
|ML-5774|UI: Improved speed of querying for pipelines of specific projects in the Pipelines page.|
|ML-6020|UI: <b>Copy URI</b> in the Datasets main page now copies the same value as in the detailed Dataset page.|
|ML-6065|Fixed serving graphs when working with Kafka.|
|ML-6194|When running a remote workflow, the client side does not need to contain workflow local files.|
|ML-6068|Feature-store Redis-target is now created by default with the project/feature-set in the path.|
|ML-6249|Reduction in the time that feature sets with a large number of entities take to query (and no longer timeout).|
|ML-6253|The `project.build_function()`now passes the `requirements_file parameter` when the  engine is not `kfp`.|
|ML-6602/6556|You can now specify a UID when running `artifacts.get_model`.|
|ML-6800|Resolved spiking of CPU and memory of mlrun-api service.|
|ML-6885|Webhook notification now contains run logs when `override_body=True`|
|ML-6991|UI: Now shows KFP pod errors.|

> |ML-7103|UI: New option to show untagged functions in the Functions page (disabled by default). Added time filters to the fFunctions page, by default shows only functions that were modified in the last week.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ML-7103|UI: New option to show untagged functions in the Functions page (disabled by default). Added time filters to the Functions page, by default shows only functions that were modified in the last week.|
```

|ML-7162|UI: Erroneous "“No data matches…” messages no longer appear.|
|ML-7192|Improved the liveness and readiness probes responsiveness.|
|ML-7202|The run state now indicates if a pod failed on OOM.|
|ML-7226|Exception now raised when using use KFP engine with `pass schedule` argument, which is not supported with the KFP engine.|
|ML-7256|Deleting artifact by UID deletes only the artifact with the given UID.|
|ML-7290|Nuclio functions deployed by MLRun: At the Nuclio service level, node selectors are added by Nuclio. In cases where there is overlap between the node selectors specified at the MLRun service level and those applied by Nuclio, the node selectors from the MLRun side take precedence to prevent any conflicts. See [node selection](../runtimes/configuring-job-resources.html#node-selection).|
|ML-7335|Serving functions now support up to 4500 models and the size of the serving specification to 1 MB.|
|ML-7358|MLRun client now validates certificates by default.|
|ML-7367|Updated OS packages for MLRun UI.|
|ML-7416|An error message is displayed upon workflow failure in the "Monitor workflows" tab.|
|ML-7599|Fixed mlrun-api vulnerabilities.|

> |ML-7568/7915| The SDK does not inform of invalid node selector combinations when running a function, but the pod remains stuck in the Pending state. |See [Preventing and resolving conflicts](../runtimes/configuring-job-resources.html#preventing-and-resolving-conflicts). v1.7.0|

Reviewer 3: This sounds like an open issue

|ML-7613|The pipeline SDK output now displays the logs in addition to the graph animation, and it also raises a warning when a client uses notifications with `engine=kfp`.|
|ML-7655|The "filter by label" in the Models page is now case insensitive.|

> |ML-7673|Improved performance of `db.list_pipelines()` with project filter in environments with a large number of pipelines,|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|ML-7673|Improved performance of `db.list_pipelines()` with project filter in environments with a large number of pipelines.|
```

> |ML-7706|Fixed the skip `sync_functions` when scheduling workflows or running remote workflows.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|ML-7706|Change `sync_functions` to be "best effort" when scheduling workflows or running remote workflows.|
```

|ML-7119|When attempting to create a project without the required permissions, the error now reads: You don’t have permission to create a project.|
|ML-7135|Fixed upgrading to mlrun if the `spec.build` was saved incorrectly.|
|ML-7162|UI: Erroneous "“No data matches…” messages no longer appear.|
|ML-7192|Improved the liveness and readiness probes responsiveness.|
|ML-7202|The run state now indicates if a pod failed on OOM.|
|ML-7226|Exception now raised when using use KFP engine with `pass schedule` argument, which is not supported with the KFP engine.|
|ML-7256|Deleting artifact by UID deletes only the artifact with the given UID.|
|ML-7290|Nuclio functions deployed by MLRun: At the Nuclio service level, node selectors are added by Nuclio. In cases where there is overlap between the node selectors specified at the MLRun service level and those applied by Nuclio, the node selectors from the MLRun side take precedence to prevent any conflicts. See [node selection](../runtimes/configuring-job-resources.html#node-selection).|
|ML-7335|Serving functions now support up to 4500 models and the size of the serving specification to 1 MB.|

> |ML-7358|MLRun client now validates certificates by default.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|ML-7358|MLRun client now validates SSL certificates by default.|
```

|ML-3386|Documentation is missing full details on the feature store sources and targets.| NA|v1.2.1    |
|ML-3445|`project.deploy_function` operation might get stuck when running v1.3.0 demos on an Iguazio platform running v3.2.x.| Replace code: `serving_fn = mlrun.new_function("serving", image="python:3.9", kind="serving", requirements=["mlrun[complete]", "scikit-learn~=1.2.0"])` with: <br>`function = mlrun.new_function("serving", image="python:3.9", kind="serving") function.with_commands([ "python -m pip install --upgrade pip", "pip install 'mlrun[complete]' scikit-learn==1.1.2", ])`|v1.3.0    |
|NA|The feature store does not support schema evolution and does not have schema enforcement.| NA| v1.2.1    |
|ML-3526|Aggregation column order is not always respected (storey engine).| NA | v1.3.0|
|ML-3626|The "Save and ingest" option is disabled for a scheduled feature set. |NA | v1.3.0|
|ML-3627|The feature store allows ingestion of string type for the timestamp key resulting in errors when trying to query the offline store with time filtration.|Use only timestamp type.| v1.2.1    |
|ML-3636|`get_online_feature_service` from Redis target returns truncated values. | NA | v1.3.0|

> |ML-3640|When running a remote function/workflow, the `context` global parameter is not automatically injected.| Use `get_or_create_ctx`| v1.3.0    |

Reviewer 3: The ticket here is closed I think we can remove this one

|ML-4655|Timestamp entities are allowed for feature store, but format is inconsistent. |NA|v1.5.0|
|NL-4685|When using columns with type "float" as feature set entities, they are saved inconsistently to key-value stores by different engines.| Do not use columns with type float as feature set entities. |v1.5.0 |
|ML-4698|Parameters that are passed to a workflow are limited to 10000 chars.<!-- also mentioned in /concepts/submitting-tasks-jobs-to-functions.html -->| NA, external Kubeflow limitation. | v1.5.0 |
|ML-4725|ML functions show as if they are in the  "Creating" status, although they were created and used.|NA|v1.4.1|
|ML-4740|When running function `batch_inference_v2` from the SDK, the `ingest()` function accepts 3 parameters as Data-item or other types: `dataset`, `model_path` and `model_endpoint_sample_set`. If you provided these parameters as non Data-items and later on you want to rerun this function from the UI, you need to provide these parameters as Data-item.|Prepare suitable Data-item and provide it to the batch-rerun UI.| v1.5.0    |
|ML-4769|After deleting a project, data is still present in the Artifacts and Executions of pipelines UI.  | NA | v1.4.0 |

> |ML-4857|Local runs can be aborted in the UI, though the actual execution continues.|NA | v1.5.0 |

Reviewer 3: This is also closed

> |NL-4881|Kubeflow pipelines parallelism parameter in dsl.ParallelFor() does not work (external dependency). |NA| v1.4.1|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|ML-4881|Kubeflow pipelines parallelism parameter in dsl.ParallelFor() does not work (external dependency). |NA| v1.4.1|
```
